[DOC-13540]: Documented new log upload notification feature and added usage instructions. (#3939)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/manage/pages/manage-logging/manage-logging.adoc

When all required information has been entered, to start information-collection, left-click on the *Start Collecting* button.
When collection and upload have been successfully completed, the URL of the uploaded zip file is displayed.

[#receiving-upload-receipts-from-couchbase-customer-support]
=== Receiving Upload Receipts from Couchbase Customer Support
[.status]#Couchbase Server Enterprise#

Couchbase Server offers the facility to send an alert on receipt of an uploaded log file.
This function is offered on an opt-in basis.

> Contact Couchbase Support for more information.

Reviewer: Contact your Account Manager or Couchbase Support for more information.

When a Couchbase Support Engineer requests logs from a customer for which this feature is enabled,
the request will include a unique upload URL and UUID for the individual support case.

You can then use `CURL` to upload the log file using the provided URL and UUID:

[source,shell]
----
curl --upload-file [filename] https://uploads.couchbase.com/big-d0dade12-7bc4-44ca-8080-5a51d9bbd77d/
----

IMPORTANT: Remember to include the final forward slash (`/`) character at the end of the command.

You can also send the file using the Couchbase Server web console:

image::manage-logging/logUploadForAlert.png[, 500,align=left]

> 

Reviewer: It will be nice to include an image to show how customers will see the updates on the support ticket.

Author: Okay, I'll sort something out.

When all required information has been entered, to start information-collection, left-click on the *Start Collecting* button.
When collection and upload have been successfully completed, the URL of the uploaded zip file is displayed.

[#receiving-upload-receipts-from-couchbase-customer-support]
=== Receiving Upload Receipts from Couchbase Customer Support
[.status]#Couchbase Server Enterprise#

> Couchbase Server offers the facility to send an alert on receipt of an uploaded log file.

Reviewer 2: Nitpick, but it's not Couchbase Server (the product) offering this facility, it's Couchbase the organization, or specifically the Support Team.

I think I'd suggest the following:

```suggestion
Couchbase Customer Support offers the facility to send you an automatic notification on receipt of any log file uploaded for a support case.
```
